README.md, before:

## Challenge: Simple Review System

We have set up a React template for a Concierge 5-Star Rating App tailored to point.me’s unique travel expertise. Your task is to enhance this app by implementing key functionality, ensuring that it captures the essence of [our specialized concierge offerings](https://www.point.me/concierge). As a bonus round, feel free to add your own design flair to the output.

There are 2 parts to this challege.

### Part 1: Display existing reviews

Using the given API, display the list of saved user ratings. Ratings should be displayed with the number of stars, the name of the reviewer, and any additional textual review the author provided.

### Part 2: Allow users to input new reviews

Users can input a star rating (1-5): The user is shown 5 empty stars. They can click on any of the stars (1-5) that best reflect their experience. The user should see the appropriate stars fill in on hover; for example: if they hover over 3/5, they should see stars 1-3 filled in. Once the user clicks the star, the rating is set. 


## Getting Started

Install deps and run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

Access the app at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

### Submit 😎
Submit your code once it is complete and our team will review! May the odds be ever in your favor.

Commit message:

updated README with my notes

README.md, after:

## *~Notes from Gary:

I considered using local storage to "save" a single review that the user submits; pre-populating and disabling the fields with those values, to make this project act like a "real" review page where a user can only submit one review. However, I didn't want you to have to clear that local storage every time if you want to test things out multiple times.

## Challenge: Simple Review System

We have set up a React template for a Concierge 5-Star Rating App tailored to point.me’s unique travel expertise. Your task is to enhance this app by implementing key functionality, ensuring that it captures the essence of [our specialized concierge offerings](https://www.point.me/concierge). As a bonus round, feel free to add your own design flair to the output.

There are 2 parts to this challege.

### Part 1: Display existing reviews

Using the given API, display the list of saved user ratings. Ratings should be displayed with the number of stars, the name of the reviewer, and any additional textual review the author provided.

### Part 2: Allow users to input new reviews

Users can input a star rating (1-5): The user is shown 5 empty stars. They can click on any of the stars (1-5) that best reflect their experience. The user should see the appropriate stars fill in on hover; for example: if they hover over 3/5, they should see stars 1-3 filled in. Once the user clicks the star, the rating is set. 


## Getting Started

Install deps and run the development server:

```bash
npm run dev
```

Access the app at [http://localhost:3000](http://localhost:3000).

### Submit 😎
Submit your code once it is complete and our team will review! May the odds be ever in your favor.
